# Rescue (to be removed when the feature is added)
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_rescue.ServerRescueTestJSON.
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_rescue.ServerRescueTestXML.
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_rescue_negative.ServerRescueNegativeTestJSON.
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_rescue_negative.ServerRescueNegativeTestXML.
tempest.api.compute.v3.servers.test_server_rescue.ServerRescueV3Test.
tempest.api.compute.v3.servers.test_server_rescue_negative.ServerRescueNegativeV3Test.

# Hyper-V does not support attaching vNics to a running instance 
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_attach_interfaces.AttachInterfacesTestJSON.test_create_list_show_delete_interfaces
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_attach_interfaces.AttachInterfacesTestJSON.test_add_remove_fixed_ip
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_attach_interfaces.AttachInterfacesTestXML.test_create_list_show_delete_interfaces
tempest.scenario.test_network_basic_ops.TestNetworkBasicOps.test_hotplug_nic

# Unsupported consoles (Hyper-V uses RDP, not VNC or SPICE)
tempest.api.compute.v3.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsV3Test.test_get_spice_console
tempest.api.compute.v3.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsV3Test.test_get_vnc_console

# See Neutron bug https://bugs.launchpad.net/neutron/+bug/1277285
# Note that corresponding JSON tests pass
tempest.api.network.admin.test_dhcp_agent_scheduler.DHCPAgentSchedulersTestXML.test_add_remove_network_from_dhcp_agent
tempest.api.network.admin.test_l3_agent_scheduler.L3AgentSchedulerTestXML.
tempest.api.network.admin.test_agent_management.AgentManagementTestXML.

# See Tempest bug: https://bugs.launchpad.net/tempest/+bug/1363986
tempest.scenario.test_security_groups_basic_ops.TestSecurityGroupsBasicOps.test_cross_tenant_traffic

# Fails on DevStack. Not related to Hyper-V
tempest.scenario.test_load_balancer_basic.TestLoadBalancerBasic.test_load_balancer_basic

# Fails on DevStack. requires investigation.
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_rebuild

# Fails on DevStack. requires investigation.
# Note that corresponding XML tests pass
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant_with_non_admin_user

#Bug in tempest looking for image including extension (.vhdx)
tempest.api.orchestration.stacks.test_neutron_resources
tempest.api.orchestration.stacks.test_non_empty_stack

# Fix to be implemented: running nova and neutron as local services
# Remote launched processed can not access the network share
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_migrations.MigrationsAdminTest.test_list_migrations_in_flavor_resize_situation
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsTestJSON.test_resize_server_confirm_from_stopped
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_resize_server_from_auto_to_manual
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_update_server_from_auto_to_manual

# Snapshot issue related test fails:
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_negative.ImagesNegativeTestJSON.test_create_image_from_stopped_server
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_delete_image
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_multibyte_character_image_name
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_delete_server.DeleteServersTestJSON.test_delete_server_while_in_shelved_state
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsTestJSON.test_create_backup
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsTestJSON.test_shelve_unshelve_server
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestJSON.test_shelve_shelved_server

# Migrate permission issue:
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_delete_server.DeleteServersTestJSON.test_delete_server_while_in_verify_resize_state

# Unexpected response code
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_delete_server.DeleteServersTestJSON.test_delete_server_while_in_shutoff_state

# Not testing boto third-party
tempest.thirdparty.boto

# Tests needing further investigation:
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_delete_server.DeleteServersTestJSON.test_delete_server_while_in_attached_volume
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_resize_server_from_manual_to_auto
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsTestJSON.test_resize_server_revert
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_actions.ServerActionsTestJSON.test_resize_server_confirm
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_attach_volume.AttachVolumeTestJSON.test_list_get_volume_attachments
tempest.scenario.test_encrypted_cinder_volumes.TestEncryptedCinderVolumes
tempest.scenario.test_minimum_basic.TestMinimumBasicScenario
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_pause_unpause
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_reboot
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_suspend_resume
tempest.scenario.test_network_basic_ops.TestNetworkBasicOps
tempest.scenario.test_network_v6.TestGettingAddress
tempest.scenario.test_security_groups_basic_ops.TestSecurityGroupsBasicOps
tempest.scenario.test_shelve_instance.TestShelveInstance
tempest.scenario.test_snapshot_pattern.TestSnapshotPattern
tempest.scenario.test_server_advanced_ops.TestServerAdvancedOps.test_resize_server_confirm
#Need investigation - recently enabled in tempest
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_resize
tempest.scenario.test_network_advanced_server_ops.TestNetworkAdvancedServerOps.test_server_connectivity_stop_start
#Need investigation - were failing on cinder ci as well
tempest.scenario.test_volume_boot_pattern.TestVolumeBootPattern.test_volume_boot_pattern
tempest.scenario.test_volume_boot_pattern.TestVolumeBootPatternV2.test_volume_boot_pattern

#We do not test Swift
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_sync_middleware.ContainerSyncMiddlewareTest

#Not relevant for Hyper-V tests
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest
